Mom, this money is used as start-up capital for investment projects.
I praise you for being so big,
Is it easy? You have money now.
It’s time for correction to correct us.
Didn’t Mr. Zhang lose just now?
An additional 500 million. Money about your development project.
Do you want to ask him again? Mom,
If you want money
The relationship between you and this trash in the future
Then I won’t stop you anymore
Come here and say where you want to go
scratch your feet to death
Whose feet did you scratch to death?
It’s so scary that even the epidemic prevention unit won’t let you know.
It was originally used for my investment project.
The project is handed over to me
If you raise a warrior god, you will eat soft rice
What else could you do to come here?
These five words can be exchanged for you
You are so eloquent
Home Pepsi Sheng Lou et al.